What's the problem?
He is just a smear for the family
Bitch who got kicked out
You talk about how I will hand over the agreement with him
Grandpa, there must be something wrong with this agreement.
You are jealous
Jealous of our late autumn?
Ability is stronger than you
You are talking nonsense.
He can sign this agreement
Pure shit luck
maybe
Grandpa, maybe Tang Long got the wrong person
Yeah, saving is nothing
How could it be so easy?
I wrote down the agreement
Tell me about it.
It must be the operation problem of the young master of the Zhang family. The effect is correct.
It must be so.
It's because Tang Long got the wrong person
Will you kick me out and sign a deal with him?
Grandpa, so it should be me who should be promoted and get a raise
Isn't it autumn last night?
Grandpa is not like that
Boss Tang was carefully prepared by me
Moved by sincerity
Not what he said
Well prepared
Also sincere
Miss Su Wanqiu
Let me ask you something.
How much is your sincerity worth?
Grandpa, this agreement is really not high
I think it is indeed possible that Teng Chong has mistaken the person.
Otherwise
Your ability to work in late autumn
Can't hold anything
Silly King Silver
The occupancy agreement is from our late autumn.
You decided to reward Suschmann
It's just a nonsense speaker like you who doesn't know right and wrong
Are you not afraid that those who truly pay will feel cold?
Shut up and dare not question me